Update shared-channels.md (#9462)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/shared-channels.md

When a team is archived, individual sharing will remain intact, but sharing with teams other than the parent team will be removed. When archived team is unarchived, all shared channels will be restored with individual sharing only.

## Adding and removing owners and members

> >[!NOTE] 
> >Externally Authenticated users such as Guest or Guest users converted to members (in their usertype property) are not supported to be added in a shared channel.
> A shared channel owner can't be removed through the Teams client if they are the last owner of one or more shared channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> Externally authenticated users such as guests or guest users converted to members (in their user type property) are not supported to be added to a shared channel.

A shared channel owner can't be removed through the Teams client if they are the last owner of one or more shared channels.
```
